	I grew up in rural southern Indiana, near a small town named Bloomfield.  Our house was perched on a hill of a gravel road through a valley referred to as 'the American Bottoms' in eastern Greene County.  

	The area is largely a bedroom community, meaning that there aren't many businesses around, and most people commute to Bloomington, IN to work.  For whatever reason, country life never appealed to me, and I took to the city as soon as I could.  I have since lived in Terre Haute, Bloomington, Chicago, Austin, and have settled, for a while at least, on Nashville.

	I have worked in a variety of fields in that time.  I graduated from Indiana University with a B.S. in Mathematics Education.  That's when I moved to Chicago and started working in bars and ended up bartending and managing a music venue, called the Mutiny.  I did that for quite a few years before moving to Austin and resuming teaching.  I had a rough year there, and decided to move a little closer to home.  A friend needed a roomie, so I headed to Nashville.

	I got a sales job with a pretty good company.  I never expected to end up in sales, but it was a tolerable work environment, and I was at least average at it.  Plus, I had a 401k and good benefits for the first time ever.  What a rush! ;) I met some great friends there, but it grew less and less tolerable as time went on.

	While all of this was happening, I was always telling myself I should learn how to code. My mom taught Computer Applications classes at the high school.  So we always had a computer and internet (dial-up until 2010--2010!!!), so I was very fortunate to have a decent exposure to tech growing up.  I eventually managed to build a moderately functional website for the venue I bartended at in my spare time.  I made a few runs at CodeAcademy and the like, but would always get distracted by... life.

	I had been researching "Coding Bootcamps" for a while when I found out about Nashville Software School.  I came to an info session.  John Wark gave us the works.  A guy who founded the school was talking passionately to a handful of people about its goals, patiently answering questions. It did not feel like a sales pitch, as some other info sessions had... I was extremely impressed--with John, yes, but more with the school's straightforward attitude and their approach to education.  Luckily, I was accepted...  Here we go!


	-----=======------

